“WN . . me . ot . . . “455 2B 3
_- LAKEWAY.REALTY, INC . #4 944% 125-45
3647 LAKEWAY DR:BELLINGHAM, WA 98229 Fig p20 0.
(360)733-4009° FAX (260)733-4513° ee

Beene eee oe rE
nn ee RENTAL AGREEMENT oo

a . So pit hlike, 27 OF
‘1. Regelved of ZA Ne Sobjac __._hereInafter callled the residents, the, sum of
- § S00. @O _,as.a deposit on the rentot__7 > 0. Tike aa City ot Belita hea ie ,
‘. State of Washington. Rental unit to be occupied as ‘a-dweiling and for no othe

Ory r purpose, Resid. t agrees te pay
balance: of sald rental on or before é 20.27... Inthe event of the residents fallure to ‘pay such

balance on.the-date agreed, the déposit,sifall be forfeited atthe discretion.of the owner or his agent. Rental to
begin on , aL sé. 1 20. 09:.” Rent shall be $ /0 SO, °? jmonth for the above premises payable In
advance, and __Is received as payment for the first month's rent-of this agreement. AIL provisions
of this Agreement.shail remain In force:regardiess of any future.change In the-rental rate.

 

 

 

    

   

 

2. In consideration of the Strict performance of all-the terms and-conditions of this rental agreement by the resident,
sal pses are rented to the resident forthe sole occupancy by. / adults and minors consisting of
(names): , an . - oe . ‘

 

$7.00 per day per person and/or termination of tenancy will-result.

3. Thejcleaning, dainage, and security deposit of $§. SOQ, 0 — Js. required. The

. 2 deposit terms are governed by
the deposit agreement attached here to-and by reference made apart hereof. :
ps4. The|resident agrees to pay-all utilities Including Water, Sewer, Garbage, _ ; .
5. -  The/resident wall accept the premises in its present condition. No alterations. or painting to be done without written
person from the owner, Residents shall not reineve. any: furnlshings from the premises. NO WATERBEDS
6. Thig agreement may not be assigned by the resident, nor the unit sublet by the resident without written approval of

the pwner or his agent. -

%. Resident not to-haold owner or his agent liable-n any mariner for or,on account of any loss or damage sustained by
action of Third party, fire, water, theft or the clement or for loss-of any articles-from any cause, from said premises

or any-part of sald-bullding, . * zs . . Le

8. NO PETS allowed by residents or guests except by written permission of the owner, and any violation of this rule.
will result'In a 3-day eviction nofice, and forfeiture of the depésit, .

9. ° The resident shall give a written notice of at least 20 days prlor to the. day when rent Is due to the owner of Intent to

. “Wacitte After serving such notice resident agrees to-keep pramises clean and will allow showing of sald premises
at all reasonable times by owner or his .agént to prospective renters. .

10. Thejowner agrees to give the resident'20-day notice In writing to vacate,

. -agrées to surrendér the premises and keys-at the-end of 20 days. .

11.° No unlawful activity Is allowed: on the premises, and any violation-will result in termination of tenancy In 3 days. No
operation of.any type of business Is allowed. , ‘

12. Timé IS of-the essence of this agreeinent and all.rént Is payable In advance. Any falfure by the resident to pay rent
or other charges or vacate the premises after service of a-three (3) day notice Sirall result In eviction, as well as
resident paying-attorney fees‘and costs ‘as provided by law, :

13, If the resident abandons the ‘premises, the owner may ‘Immediately re-enterand take possession and re-rent the
prernises. The resident shall nevertheless renialn jjablé Tor attorney fees costs, and damages as allowed. by jaw.

. 44, Fallure to.pay rent on or before the end ofthe Stay ofthe month will result In a late charge of $5.00 per day,
Rent unpaid: on or before-the end of the LDPay of the month will result In additional late fees of $25.00 ($5.00 per
day). Unpaid-rent over 30°days in arrears will be charged 1.5% per month interest-untll paid In full, All rent monay
recelved will be-applied to the unpali rent first, then to the current'rent due. Rent due the f-aatslay of each month.
16. Charge of $30.00 for each NSF {Non Sufficlent.Funds) check received. Rents may be mailed directly or pald in
. person At Lakeway Realty Inc, 3547 Lakeway Drive Monday-Friday 8:00am-5:00pm. Must arrive on or before date

» prior to the date-rent due and the resident

 

due . : _ . .

46. Tenant Is responsible for mowing the lawn: and-malntaining flowerbeds as often-as necessary during the growing
perlod. : . ne tee ‘

17. Tenants responsible for.all NEW glass ‘breakage from any causé, wt 7

18. Tenant.Js responsible forall daniage caused from pipes fréezing If tenant does not keep the heaton during freezing
season. coon -

19, Tenarit ts respans|ble for Insurance-coverags on personal:effects,” ,
20. All tendncles.end- at 12:00} oon-on theilast pr of the lease or rental period.:

Tule /S a2 feyce <tethyy the, REAVOS apd Cbg
4. Al £010. KER SC (DOB es WO. 1 Abe
o (nu Mo. Last. Yo wat alco Aid ky AD, BE DOF
ez wtls Unk TOMS. Feng. Je, aa 3/ 2007 <5 BIBS, YB
Liat Ito fear 18 19S007 & .By, Hee f=3/ 0p = (950: Th PM ERARZE, YS

I have read the above rental agreement and rules‘and regulattons and agree to abide.by same.

 

 

   
 
 

Mika“ YOY Oe | Resident __. _ : ‘Resident
J “Resident Resident
: : Resident __- Resident

 

 

 
