10.

440°

12.

13.
. 44,

16.

16.

17,
18.

19.
20,

"ALLOWED.

Nite pel - 2.

7 Le see
jp PAKEWAY REALTY, INC M4?) O47 "135g
3547 LAKEWAY DR--BELLINGHAM, WA 98229 Sag pirr pee:

 

60) 733-4009 FAX (360)733-4513°

an | OE
RENTAL AGREEMENT oe

oo ee bat hile, B7w07
Recaived of ZA Ne. 0 b 4 tk .___herelnafter called the residents, thesum of
$_200. 00 _,as.a deposit on the rent of __7 FOO FR , Clty ot Bligh je
State of Washington. Rental unit to be occupied as a dwelling and for no other purpose, Residgfit agrees fo pay
balance: of sald rental on or before : eh, As, 20.07, Inthe event of the residents fallure to pay such
balance on-the,date agreed, the deposit shall be forfeited atthe discretion.of the owner or his agent, Rental to
beg on whe ae, 20_07;,' Rent shall be $ /0 SO, 2? jmonth for the above premises payable in
advance, and :

Is received as payment for the first monith’s rent-of this agreemeént. All provisions
of this Agreement.shall remain In force:regardiess of any future.change in the rental rate. .

In consideration of the strlet performance of all-the terms and-conditions of this rental agreement by the resident,
said premises are rented to the resident for the sole occupancy by_/ adults and minors consisting of

 
  

 

(names): ,

 

Additional occupants strictly prohibited ‘except on written.consent of the owner or his agent. Persons in addition to

those Ilsted above-who remain over 7 days will.be considered additional occupants and an additional ‘payment of
$7.00 per day per person and/or termination of tenancy will-result.

The cleaning, damage, and security deposit of $ SOO, 8-9 Is.required.. The deposit terms are governed by
the depost agreement attached here to-and by reference made apart hereof. :
The fesident agrees to pay all utilities Including Water, Sewer, Garbage, . .

The resident will accept the ‘premises in lis present condition, No alterations.or painting to be done without written
permission from the owner, Residents shall not remove.any: furnishings from the premises. NO WATERBEDS

This agreement may not be assigned by the resident, northe unit sublet by the resident without written approval of
the qwner or his agent. ce ee wt '
Resident not to hold owner or his agent Ilable-In an
action of Third party, fire, water, theft or the cleme
or atly. part of sald-bullding, - ” . : a

NO FRETS allowed by residents or guests except by written permission of the owner, and any violation of this rule.
will resulf In a 3-day eviction nofice, and forfeiture ofthe. depésit, ,

The resident shall give a written notice of at least 20 days prior to the day when rent is due to the owner of Intent to
‘vacate, After serving such nofice resident agrees to-keep premises clean and will allow showing of sald premises
at all reasonable times by owner or his .agént to prospective renters.
The owner agrees to give the resident 20-day notice in writing to vacate,
-agrebs to surrendér the premises and keys-at the end of 20 days.

No unlawful activity Is allowed: on. the premises, and any violation-will result in termination of tenancy In 3 days. No
operation of any type of business is allowed, , ‘

Timé is of-the essence of this agreement and all.rént Is payable in advance. Any failure by the resident to. pay rent

or other charges or vacate the premises after service of a-three (3) day notice shall result In eviction, as well as
resident paying-attorney fees.and costs ‘as provided by law.

If the resident abandons the premises, the owner may'immediately re-enter and take possession and re-rent the

premises, The resident shall nevertheless remajn dlablé for attorney fees costs, and damages as allowed. by law.
Fale to pay rent on or before the end of the Stay ofthe month will result In a late charge of $5.00 per day.
Rent unpaid: on or before-the end of the LD ay of the month will result In additional late fees of $25.00 ($5.00 per
day), Unpald rent over 30‘days in arrears will be charged 1.5% per month interest until pald in full. All rent money
recelved will be applied to the unpalirent first, then to the current'rent due. Rent due the fzebsay of each month.
Charge of $30.00 for each NSF (Non Sufficlent.Funds) check received. Rents may be malled directly or paid In

person At Lakeway Realty Inc, 3547 Lakeway Drive Monday-Friday 8:00am-5:00pm. Must arrive on or before date
due. “ wo

Tengnt is responsible for mowing the lawn and maintaining flowerbeds as often:as necessary during the growing
perlod. vo . ,

Tenantis responsible for.all NEW glass breakage from any causé, .
Tenants responsible forall daniage caused from pipes fréezing If tenant d

y mariner for or.on account of any loss or damage sustained by
nt or for loss.of any articles-from any cause, from said premises

, prior to the date-rent due and the resident

season. . 7
Tenant Is responsible for insurance-coverags on personal-effects. .
All tenaneles-end-at 12:00 noon ‘on the‘last pr of the lease or rental perlod,:

oes not keep the heat on during freezing

[Mls $4 fegse s VE, BEB Stee XEA OOP apd Wy

0 KesH a: £4 Le VIE iP

CC 4
Al ZA C3 ET NED OF 60) (MO. Ul AZ;
pnd M0, Last Who read aleo zed big Abana ZOE

li O ketg..
"hz “KO Uk FOLIOS ~ Keng Dek. 28 -B/ 2007 <5 EFAS Se
2 if

CHAE 1S L0SO0" + B84 Regge [= B) .clp = 050° Tote Pilg

have read f] ntal a:

   

 

greement and rules-‘and regulations and agree to abide by same.
Oo Resident a ‘Resident
"Resident _. Resident

Resident Resident

 

 

    
 
 

 

 
