15

16

17

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

 

This is notice of a lawsuit to evict you from the above described property which
you are now renting or occupying. Plaintiff is asking the court to terminate your
tenancy or occupancy, direct the sheriff to remove you and your belongings from the
property, enter a money judgment against you for unpaid rent and/or damages for your
use of the property, and for court costs and attorney fees.

IF YOU WANT TO DEFEND yourself in this lawsuit, you must respond to the
Complaint in writing on or before the deadline stated above. You must respond in
writing even if no case number has been assigned by the court yet.

You can respond to the Complaint in writing by delivering a copy of a notice of
appearance or answer to your landlord's attorney by personal delivery, mailing, or
facsimile to the address or facsimile number stated below TO BE RECEIVED NO
LATER THAN THE DEADLINE STATED ABOVE. Service by facsimile is complete
upon successful transmission to the facsimile number listed in the summons. If you
respond to the Complaint at the deadline, you should bring a copy of your response to
the hearing in this matter (see below).

The notice of appearance or answer must include the name of this case
(plaintiff and defendants), your name, the street address where further legal papers
may be sent, your telephone number (if any), and your signature.

If there is a number on the upper right side of the Summons and Complaint,
you must also file your original notice of appearance or answer with the court clerk by
the deadline for your written response.

YOU MAY DEMAND that the Plaintiff file this lawsuit with the court. (If there is a
number on the upper right side of the Summons and Complaint, this lawsuit has been
filed). If you do so, the demand must be in writing and must be served upon the
person signing the summons. Within fourteen days after you serve the demand, the

Summons - 2 ROY, SIMMONS & PARSONS, PS
1223 COMMERCIAL STREET

BELLINGHAM, WA 98225

TELEPHONE: (360) 752-2000/FAX: (360) 752-2771
Mail@royandsimmons.com
