20

21

22

23

24

25

26

13788 4/6/2684 88122

This is notice of a lawsuit to evict you from the property which you are renting. Your landlord is
asking the court to terminate your tenancy, direct the sheriff to remove you and your belongings from the
property, enter a money judgment against you for unpaid rent and/or damages for your use of the property, and
for court costs and attorneys’ fees.

If you want to defend yourself in this lawsuit, you must respond to the eviction complaint in writing
on or before the deadline stated above. You must respond in writing even if no case number has been assigned
by the court yet.

‘ You can respond to the complaint in writing by delivering a copy of a notice of appearance or answer
to your landlord's attorney (or your landlord if there is no attorney) to be received no later than the deadline

 

stated above.

The notice of appearance or answer must include the name of this case (plaintiff and defendant(s)),
your name, the street address where further legal papers may be sent, your telephone number (if any), and your
signature.

If there is a number on the upper right side of the eviction summons and complaint, you must also file
your original notice of appearance or answer with the court clerk by the deadline for your written response.

You may demand that the plaintiff file this lawsuit with the court. If you do so, the demand must be in
writing and must be served upon the person signing the summons. Within fourteen days after you serve the
demand, the plaintiff must file this lawsuit with the court, or the service on you of this summons and complaint
will be void.

If you wish to seek the advice of an attomey in this matter, you should do so promptly so that your
written response, if any, may be served on time.

You may also be instructed in a separate order to appear for a court hearing on your eviction. [f you
receive an order to show cause you must personally appear at the hearing on the date indicated in the order to
show cause in addition to delivering and filing your notice of appearance or answer by the deadline stated

     
   

 

above.
IF YOU DO NOT RESPOND TO THE COMPLAINT IN WRITING BY THE
DEADLINE STATED ABOVE YOU WILL LOSE BY DEFAULT. YOUR LANDLORD
MAY PROCEED WITH THE LAWSUIT, EVEN IF YOU HAVE MOVED OUT OF THE
PROPERTY.
The notice of appearance or answer must be delivered to:
PUCKETT & REDFORD PLLC
DATED: March 25, 2004 By: QO L A ( 2 kp
peph D. Puckett/WSBA No. 5323
andy Redford/WSBA No. 21529
Brian C. Read/WSBA No. 34091
Attomeys for Piaintiff
SUMMONS- 2 PUCKETT & REDFORD PLLC

900 Fourth Avenue, Suite 1400

SEATTLE, WASHINGTON 98164

TELEPHONE; (206) 386-4800
